*Title: What can I do with the Source Module?
*Slug: about

================================================================

The <{term}>Source Module<{/term}> brings code repositories directly to your activeCollab projects. With the Source Module you can:

- **Browse your code** in activeCollab.
- **Compare versions** of submitted files.
- **Download files** in their original format.
- Gain insight into the **history of your code repository**.
- Make a **connection between your commit massages and Tasks** in activeCollab.

<{note title="Can I use the Source Module in my activeCollab Cloud account?"}>At the moment it is not possible to use the Source Module in our Cloud environment due to technical limitations of the platform (for example, you need to clone your Git repository on a server to be able to make a connection).

**Only activeCollab users with self-hosted licenses can use the Source Module**.<{/note}>

In activeCollab, the Source Module will appear as an additional tab in your projects. Use it to add different code repositories to each of the projects that you are working on.

At the moment, the Source Module supports connection with:

- <a href="http://subversion.apache.org/">Subversion</a>
- <a href="http://git-scm.com/">Git</a>
- <a href="http://mercurial.selenic.com/">Mercurial</a>

<{sub slug="users-and-permissions"}>Who can use the Source Module?<{/sub}>

Just like any other part of a project, access to the Source Module depends on activeCollab <{page name="project-roles" book="people"}>Project Roles and Permissions<{/page}>. Following this rule, your users can have four levels of access:

- **No Access** - The Source tab will not be available.
- **Access Only** - Users will be able to see the repositories and browse the code, but they will not be able to do anything else.
- **Access and Create** - Users will be able to add new repositories.
- **Access, Create and Manage** - Users with this permission will have unlimited access to all repositories.