*Title: Creating a Notebook
*Slug: creating-notebook

================================================================

<{term}>Notebooks<{/term}> are the place where your team can **work together on different text documents**. You can use Notebooks for all kinds of collaborative writing - short articles, blog posts, complex documentation, or even writing a book. 

The Notebooks are a separate tab in your Projects. To create a new Notebook, click the <{option}>New Notebook<{/option}> button. The newly created Notebook resembles a folder where all the <{term}>Pages<{/term}> (the name for document Files within a Notebook) are stored.

<{image name="notebooks.png"}>

<{note title="Who can use Notebooks?"}>To control who can use Notebooks and create new content, use <{page name="project-roles" book="people"}>Project Permissions<{/page}>. There are four permission levels that you can use:

- <{option}>No Access<{/option}> prevents users from seeing the Notebooks tab.
- <{option}>Access Only<{/option}> enables users to see Notebooks and access the pages.
- <{option}>Access and Create<{/option}> allows users to see and create Notebooks or pages.
- <{option}>Access, Create and Manage<{/option}> grants full access.

You can also mark a Notebook as <{term}>Private<{/term}> to hide it from your <{term}>Clients<{/term}>.<{/note}>

<{sub}>Managing Notebooks<{/sub}>

Once a Notebook is created, you can:

- place it under a <{term}>Milestone<{/term}>.
- make it <{term}>Public<{/term}> or <{term}>Private<{/term}>.
- <{option}>Copy<{/option}> or <{option}>Move<{/option}> it to another Project.
- replace the Notebook cover with an image of your choice.
-  <{option}>Share<{/option}> and <{page name="sharing-notebook"}>make the Notebook publicly available<{/page}>.

On the Notebooks page, you can also change the order of Notebooks by clicking on the handles next to the title and using the <{option}>Drag and Drop<{/option}> functionality.