*Title: Creating an Invoice from a Time Report
*Slug: creating-invoice-from-time-report

================================================================

Use time reports to generate an Invoice and charge your clients for the work you have done. To do that, open the <{option}>Reports and Filters<{/option}> section in your activeCollab and click <{option}>Time and Expenses<{/option}>. After configuring the filters and generating the report, you will be able to issue an Invoice based on it.

The following example shows how to generate a report and create an Invoice to charge your client for the work you have done in the last month:

<{step num=1}>Open the <{option}>Time and Expenses<{/option}> report setup.<{/step}>
<{step num=2}>Choose to display **Time Only**.<{/step}>
<{step num=3}>Optionally, select the **Job Type**.<{/step}>
<{step num=4}>Set Assigned to **Anybody**.<{/step}>
<{step num=5}>Set the Time Range to **Last Month** or the **Selected Date Range** and select a period of one month.<{/step}>
<{step num=6}>Choose a specific Project, or extract the time logs from all the Projects that have been working on for this client.<{/step}>
<{step num=7}>Set the Status to **Billable**.<{/step}>
<{step num=8}>Set the Group to **By Date** to list entries chronologically or **By Project** in case the client has more than one Project.<{/step}>
<{step num=9}>Click the <{option}>Run<{/option}> button to create the report:
<{image name="time_report.png"}><{/step}>
<{step num=10}>Select the way you wish to have the Invoice Items displayed. You can choose to have:

- all Time records as separated Invoice Items,
- Time entries grouped by Task, Project or a Job Type,
- Have all entries summed as a single Invoice Item.<{/step}>

<{step num=10}>Click the <{option}>Create Invoice<{/option}> link located at the bottom of the report.<{/step}>
<{step num=11}>A <{option}>New Invoice<{/option}> form will appear, allowing you to make an additional adjustments.<{/step}>

Your Invoice is now ready to be issued. Feel free to experiment with the filter setup to get the exact information you need.