*Title: Customizing Invoices
*Slug: customize-invoices

================================================================

Invoices can be customized to match your company branding and formating criteria.

<{sub}>Invoice Designer<{/sub}>

To edit the visual identity of your Invoices, open <{option}>Administration > Invoice Designer<{/option}>. With the Invoice Designer you can:

- Choose a paper size standard and upload the background image file by opening <{option}>Paper Size and Background<{/option}>.
- Upload a company logo and add the company details by using the <{option}>Header Settings<{/option}>. You can also pick the font and color for the text, as well as set the header border.
- Use <{option}>Body Settings<{/option}> to choose the layout and font for the Client and Invoice details, toggle borders and <{term}>Invoice Item<{/term}> columns and set the appearance of <{term}>Invoice Notes<{/term}>.
- <{option}>Footer Settings<{/option}> allow you to set how the Invoice and page numbers are displayed and whether to display a footer border.

By using these options, you can create professional looking Invoices to impress your clients.

<{image name="sample_Invoice.png"}>

<{sub}>Invoice Settings<{/sub}>

Use <{option}>Invoice Settings<{/option}> to further customize your Invoices:

- Set the **name of <{term}>Issued<{/term}> and <{term}>Draft<{/term}> Invoices**. By default they are called Invoice and Proforma Invoice.
- Choose how **time records are displayed** when an Invoice is created from a Project, Milestone or a Task. You can choose the way that the <{term}>Invoice Items<{/term}> will be grouped, and the format in which they will be displayed.
- Enable a **Second Tax** and a **Compound Tax** if necessary.
- Select **who will be notified after a new payment is received** - either <{term}>Administrators<{/term}> or <{term}>Managers<{/term}> (with the <{option}>Manage Finances<{/option}> permission enabled).
- Set the **default due date** for issued Invoices.
- Configure the <{option}>Number Generator<{/option}> to automatically apply a number to new Invoices. You can save a lot of time by using this option and you can configure it to fit your accounting best.

<{sub}>Additional Options<{/sub}>

activeCollab also features the following Invoice-related options in the <{term}>Administration<{/term}>:

- <{option}>Currency<{/option}> setup to <{page name="currency" book="making-activecollab-your-own"}>add as many different currencies as you need<{/page}>. All of them will be available in the Currency drop down menu when you are creating a new Invoice.
- <{option}>Item Templates<{/option}> help you define frequently occurring Invoice Items and their default price.
- <{option}>Note Templates<{/option}> allow you to preset notes and add them to every new Invoice. You can also choose the default note.
- <{option}>Tax Rates<{/option}> allow you to set different kinds of taxes. This feature is quite handy if you need to issue an Invoice to a client from a different country.
- <{option}>Overdue Reminders<{/option}> send out automated messages to clients who have not paid for your services on time. You can find out more about this feature  <{page name="overdue-reminders"}>on this page<{/page}>.