Title: Can my client make a payment without logging in to activeCollab?
Slug: receive-payments-without-client-login

================================================================

We have already described how to <{page name="charge-clients"}> receive payments from your Clients within activeCollab<{/page}>. Another way of charging your Clients is by creating a public invoice page.

After you Issue the <{term}>Invoice<{/term}> and send an email notification to your Client, you can **generate a secure page where they can make a payment without having to log in to your activeCollab**. To do that, use the <{option}>Payment Options<{/option}> in the <{option}>Options<{/option}> menu on the Issued Invoice page. The link to the secure page will appear in a pop-up that.

<{note title="Reminder"}>Do not forget that you need to enable <{option}>Payments Allowed<{/option}> and <{page name="payment-gateway"}>Payment Gateways<{/page}> to have access to the Payment Options. The latter can be set up by using <{option}>Payment Settings<{/option}> in the Administration.<{/note}>

This is how the Public Invoice Page looks:

<{image name="making_payment.png"}>

When your Clients visit this page, they will be able to select the Gateway that they wish to use and to fill out all the necessary information. Clicking the <{option}>Make Payment<{/option}> button will submit the data and send a notification to your activeCollab that the Invoice has been paid. 

<{note title="Payment Gateway and Currency"}>In case you have issued the Invoice in a currency that is **not supported by the selected Payment Gateway, that gateway will not be available** on the public page. Please make sure that the selected currency is supported / enabled before sending your Clients the link to the payment page.<{/note}> 

The Client will receive a "Thank you" message and a link to the Invoice PDF. 

<{image name="download_invoice.png"}>