*Title: Can I create an Invoice which will be sent to my client every month?
*Slug: monthly-invoices

================================================================

Yes, you can. Use <{option}>Recurring Profiles<{/option}> to do that. Recurring Profiles are actually automated Invoices that are created periodically within a predefined time frame. You can use them to charge for your hosting services, support costs, monthly magazine subscriptions, etc.

Recurring profiles are available as an additional tab on the Invoices page. A <{option}>New Recurring Profile<{/option}> resembles a new Invoice, with a few added functionalities:

- <{option}>Notify Person<{/option}> - Only users from <{term}>Client Companies<{/term}> who have the <{term}>Receive and Pay Invoices<{/term}> permission enabled for their <{page name="system-roles" book="people"}>System Roles<{/page}> are listed.
- <{option}>Starts on<{/option}> - Set the date when the first Invoice will be sent.
- <{option}>Frequency<{/option}> - Select how often you wish the Invoices to be created - daily, weekly, monthly, yearly...
- <{option}>Occurrence<{/option}> - Set how many times you wish this Invoice to be crated. If you have set the number to "3" and the frequency to "Monthly" in the previous step, activeCollab will create this same Invoice three months in a row - the Invoice will not be created on the fourth month.
- <{option}>Auto Issue<{/option}> - If set to **No**, Draft (and not Issued) Invoices will be created automatically. Such an Invoice needs to be issued manually. On the other hand, if set to **Yes**, Invoices will be created, issued and sent to the client automatically.

<{image name="recurring_profile.png"}>

<{note title="How to cancel a Recurring Profile?"}>If there is no need for a Recurring Profile to send out Invoices, you can disable it. One way to do that, is to move the profile to <{option}>Trash<{/option}> by accessing the <{option}>Options<{/option}> menu. Alternatively, you can <{option}>Archive<{/option}> the profile and have the option to reuse it if necessary.<{/note}>