*Title: Remind Your Clients about an Overdue Payment
*Slug: overdue-reminders
*Answers Common Question: How can I remind my clients about an overdue payment?

================================================================

It can be really uncomfortable to remind people about an overdue payment, or, sometimes, you can even forget to do it. Either way, you may not receive the money you have earned. activeCollab helps you solve this problem by using <{term}>Overdue Reminders<{/term}>.

Besides helping you to <{page name="creating-invoice"}>create Invoices<{/page}> and to <{page name="charge-clients"}>issue Invoices to your Clients<{/page}>, activeCollab can remind your clients about overdue payments. Use the <{option}>Overdue Reminders<{/option}> option available in the <{term}>Administration<{/term}> to set the payment reminders:

<{step num=1}>Enable the Reminders.<{/step}>
<{step num=2}>Set the frequency of the Reminder emails. You can configure when to send the first email and the subsequent emails.<{/step}>
<{step num=3}>Set the <{option}>Escalation Messages<{/option}>.<{/step}> 

<{note title="Escallation Messages"}>The main purpose of these messages is to make a constant, reasonable "pressure" on your client to make the payment as soon as possible. You can create a set of <{term}>Escalation Messages<{/term}> and configure activeCollab to send them out automatically.<{/note}>

<{step num=4}>To exclude one of your clients from receiving escalation emails, you can use the <{option}>Don't Send To<{/option}> option to select the desired client companies.<{/step}>
<{step num=5}>Click the <{option}>Save Changes<{/option}> button and let activeCollab do the rest.<{/step}>