*Title: Translating activeCollab
*Slug: translation

================================================================

 In activeCollab, English is the only language avilable by default. However, you may create or import a translation and start using the system in another language.

<{sub}>Import Language<{/sub}>

If you already have the <{term}>Language XML File<{/term}>, you can import it in activeCollab by using the <{option}>Administration > Languages > Import Language<{/option}> option.

<{image name="import_language.png"}>

<{note title="Community Translations"}>Some activeCollab users have been kind enough to share their translations with the rest of the community. Visit the <a href="https://www.activecollab.com/downloads/category/8/">Translations page on our website</a> and see if a translation for your language already exists. In case you have a translation which is not listed, feel free to send us an email. We will gladly share your contribution with the rest of the community.<{/note}>

<{sub}>Create a New Translation<{/sub}>

To create a new translation, use the <{option}>New Language<{/option}> option available on the <{term}>Languages<{/term}> page. After naming your language and setting the locale, the translation page will appear. All phrases and terms used in activeCollab will listed in alphabetical order just like in a dictionary. All there is left four you to do, is the actual translation work.

To make the process easier, you may:

- <{option}>Outline phrases that don't have a translation<{/option}> to highlight untranslated phrases in red.
- <{option}>Only show phrases that don't have a translation<{/option}> to display phrases without a translation.

<{image name="new_language.png"}> 

After creating a new language, you can set it as default by clicking the <{option}>Set Default Language<{/option}> button. A list of all available languages will appear. Selecting the default language will mark it by a dot.