*Title: Searching
*Slug: search

================================================================

To find any object in activeCollab, use the <{option for="search"}>Quick Search<{/option}> bar in the top right corner of the screen.

The results will appear while you are typing. To find a specific term, use the <{term}>"<{/term}> sing. You can **search for a person, a specific Task or Subtask, a File, or even search trough the comments made in activeCollab**. Note that a search keyword should be at least 4 charactes long. This limitation does not apply to shortcut keywords: Task ID-s, commit ID-s, etc. Search ignores common words such as: cause, color, value, etc. The full list of excluded words is available <a href="http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.1/en/fulltext-stopwords.html">in this article</a>.

<{note title="Search the Archive and Trash"}>Searching Archived and Trashed items is not possible. Only visible elements of your activeCollab are indexed as search results. For example, if you are unable to find a <{term}>Task<{/term}>, it is likely that it has already been archived or deleted.<{/note}> 

Besides <{term}>Quick Search<{/term}> you can also use <{option}>Advanced Search<{/option}> available in the <{term}>Search Bar<{/term}>. To limit your search criteria, select the following parts of activeCollab:

- <{term}>Help<{/term}> find answers in the activeCollab user's guide.
- <{term}>Users<{/term}> with an account created in your activeCollab.
- <{term}>Projects<{/term}> that you are working on.
- <{term}>Project Objects<{/term}> such as Tasks, Files, Discussions, etc.
- <{term}>Commits<{/term}> made by using the Source tool.
- <{term}>Documents<{/term}> uploaded in the Documents section of activeCollab.

In case you are still getting too many results, you can narrow down your search even further by clicking <{option}>More Options<{/option}> and using <{option}>Additional Filters<{/option}>. The additional filter options change depending on the category that you are searching in. 

<{image name="advanced_search.png"}>