* Title: activeCollab Quick Tour
* Slug: quick-start
* Answers Common Question: What is activeCollab?

================================================================

Welcome to your activeCollab account! This is the place where you can work with your team and complete your Projects. In this quick guide, we will introduce you to activeCollab and show you how to start using it.

<{sub}>My Screen<{/sub}>

After logging in, you will see the activeCollab <{page name="home-screen"}>Home Screen<{/page}>. Think of the Home Screen as a workspace where all information important to you is displayed.

Besides the Home Screen, there are also a few other interface elements:

- <{term}>Navigation Tabs<{/term}> are displayed at top of the workspace. The tabs are tools which help you access different parts of activeCollab. For example, you can watch video tutorials by clicking the <{option}>Video<{/option}> tab in the upper left corner of this page.
- <{term}>Main Menu<{/term}> is located on the left side of the screen. All major activeCollab elements are placed there. For instance, if you wish to visit the Projects section, click the <{option}>Projects<{/option}> button.
- <{term}>Additional Menus<{/term}> some of the <{term}>Main Menu<{/term}> items have an additional menu, which helps you to navigate activeCollab more quickly. Use the additional menu of <{option}>Projects<{/option}> to access different areas of your Project, <{option}>Administration<{/option}> to see important system information, or <{option}>Your Profile<{/option}> to change profile settings or to log out.
- <{term}>Status Bar<{/term}> is displayed at the bottom of the workspace. It contains useful tools, such as <{option for="status_bar_item_quick-add"}>Quick Add<{/option}>, <{option for="status_bar_item_notifications"}>Notifications<{/option}>, <{option for="status_bar_item_status_updates"}>Status Updates<{/option}> and <{option for="status_bar_item_trash"}>Trash<{/option}>.

<{image name="my_screen.png"}>

<{sub}>Inviting Your Team and Clients<{/sub}>

To harness the full collaborative potential of activeCollab, you should bring all your team members and clients on board. Just visit the <{term}>People<{/term}> section and use the <{option}>Invite People<{/option}> tool.

<{image name="invite_people.png"}>

You can find more information on how to manage your co-workers and clients in the book <{book name="people"}>Bring Everyone on Board<{/book}>.

<{sub}>Working on a Project<{/sub}>

Working with Projects is what activeCollab is all about. Visit the <{term}>Projects<{/term}> section and create as many different Projects as you like.

Here are some useful resources that will help you find out how to manage your Projects:

- <{book name="projects"}>Managing Projects<{/book}>
- <{book name="tasks"}>Tasks<{/book}>
- <{book name="files"}>File Sharing<{/book}>
- <{book name="time-and-expenses"}>Tracking Time and Expenses<{/book}>
- <{book name="notebooks"}>Let's Write Together<{/book}>