*Title: What's New in activeCollab?
*Slug: news

================================================================

When logging in to activeCollab, you may wish to see what has been going on since your last visit. 

<{sub}>Use the What's New tab<{/sub}>

This tab will be available in your <{term}>Home Screen<{/term}> after you log in to activeCollab. All the latest events related to the projects that you are assigned to will be displayed here as **News Thread**. On the right side of the screen you will see <{term}>Announcements<{/term}> and <{term}>Reminders<{/term}> addressed to you.

This is a great way to get up to date by visiting one page only, where only info important to you are listed.

<{image name="news.png"}>

<{sub}>Notification Center<{/sub}>

Another way to stay in the loop with activeCollab is to use the <{option}>Notification Center<{/option}>. After subscribing to a Milestone, a Task, a Discussion or a File, the information about any changes made to the item will be displayed here.

There are two ways that your notifications can be delivered:

- **via Email** - activeCollab will send you an email containing the information about the changes (eg. when a Task is completed or a New File version is uploaded).
- **as In-line Notifications** - new updates will appear as an unread Notification count and as a pop-up message.

To choose the notification channel which suits you best, open <{term}>Notifications<{/term}> and click on the<{option}>See all Notifications<{/option}> link. Use the <{option}>Settings<{/option}> button to define how you wish your notifications to be delivered.

<{image name="notifications_zoom.png"}>