*Title: Where Can I See All My Tasks?
*Slug: my-tasks
*Answes Common Question: Where can I see all my Tasks?

================================================================

The easiest way to see all the <{term}>Tasks<{/term}> that you are assigned to, is to visit the <{term}>My Tasks<{/term}> Home Screen tab. All the <{term}>Tasks<{/term}> and important details about it will be displayed here. This tab will be the first thing to see after you login to your activeCollab. 

<{note title="Can I change the default Home Screen tab in my activeCollab?"}>Yes, you can. To set some other tab as default use the <{option}>Settings<{/option}> option available on your <{term}>Profile<{/term}>.<{/note}>

On the My Tasks page you will see:

- All Tasks that are **Late or Due Today**. Usually, these are the jobs that require your immediate attention and this is why this info will be placed on top of the page.
- All Tasks **assigned to you**, sorted by projects. Tasks from projects that you have marked as <{term}>Favorite<{/term}> will be listed first.
- In case you wish to browse the history of your accomplishments you can see the <{option}>Recently Completed Tasks<{/option}> link, available at the bottom of the page.
- In the same place you will find the link to the list of <{option}>Unassigned Tasks<{/option}>. This list can come in handy in case you have completed all your current Tasks.

On this page all Tasks will be displayed with the <{term}>Label<{/term}> that they have. If you wish, you can configure Task list by defining what labels should be displayed, or ignored. Use the <{option}>Settings<{/option}> option to set it up.

<{image name="my_tasks.png"}>

<{note title="See the Tasks details without leaving the page"}>To get the info on the Tasks while you are at the My Tasks page you can use the <{option}>Quick View<{/option}> tool. Simply hover over the Task and you will see the "blinking eye" icon. Click it and you will **see all Task details in the pop-up window that will appear**. You can even use this preview to update Task by making a new comment, logging time, adding Subtasks, and more.<{/note}>

