*Title: Import Projects in activeCollab
*Slug: import-in-activecollab

================================================================

activeCollab <{term}>Data Sources<{/term}> is a tool that will help you import your existing projects in activeCollab. At the moment only <a href="https://basecamp.com/">Basecamp</a> import is supported, but you can expect to see more import options in future.

<{note title="Where is this tool available?"}><{term}>Data Sources<{/term}> tool is **available only on for our Free trial and Cloud users**. Due to a high system requirements and server resources needed for the import process, we can grantee a successful data import only on our servers that are optimized for this task.

Data Sources option is **not available for activeCollab users who are using our self-hosted version**.<{/note}> 

<{sub slug="from-basecamp"}>Import your Basecamp projects<{/sub}>

You can import **all your project details from Basecamp** and continue working in activeCollab. 

Please follow these steps to make the import:

<{step num=1}>Navigate to <{option}>Admin > Data Sources<{/option}> in your activeCollab.<{/step}>
<{step num=2}>Click <{option}>New data Source<{/option}> option and choose Basecamp<{/step}>
<{step num=3}>Fill out the form with required details:<{/step}>

- Basecamp access credentials;
- Choose how you wish to import your TODO lists - structured as Task Category > Task, or as Tasks > Subtasks.
- How you wish to have your users imported - you can select a <{term}>Company<{/term}> and a <{term}>System Role<{/term}> that these users will have.

<{image name="basecamp_info.png"}>

<{step num=4}>Use <{option}>Test Connection<{/option}> button to make sure that your credentials are correct.<{/step}>
<{step num=5}>Click <{option}>Import<{/option}> icon.<{/step}>
<{step num=6}>Select Projects that you wish to import.<{/step}>

<{image name="import_projects.png"}>

You are all set now and you can start working on your projects in a brand new environment - in activeCollab.

<{note title="How long will it take for activeCollab to import my Basecamp projects"}>The duration of the import process depends on the size of the files that you have stored in your Basecamp projects. The more files you have, especially if they are large, the import will last longer. Please be patient, in case you have files like that.<{/note}>