*Title: Managing Projects
*Slug: managing-projects

================================================================

The number of Projects that you can manage in activeCollab is not limited, so you can **work on as many Projects as you wish**. Running multiple Projects at once can be challenging and requires a great deal of organization. activeCollab is equipped with all the necessary tools to helps you manage any number of Projects with ease.

<{sub}>Organize Your Projects<{/sub}>

To access all your Projects, click the <{option}>Project<{/option}> button in main menu. It is possible to arrange the Projects in the following way:

- <{option}>Filter by Status<{/option}> - list Active and/or Completed Projects.
- <{option}>Group by<{/option}> - sort Projects by Label, Client, Category or by any <{term}>Custom Field<{/term}> that you have added. Selecting Don't Group sorts the Projects in alphabetical order.

<{image name="Project_category.png"}>

<{note title="Customize your Project Categories and Project Labels"}>To add, delete or edit <{term}>Project Categories<{/term}>, click the <{option}>Manage Categories<{/option}> link available on the Projects page or when creating a <{term}>New Project<{/term}> by opening the <{option}>Category<{/option}> dropdown menu and selecting <{option}>New...<{/option}>.

<{term}>Project Labels<{/term}> can be managed in the <{option}>Administration > Project Categories<{/option}> section.<{/note}>

<{sub}>Editing Multiple Projects at Once<{/sub}>

To enter the Mass Edit mode, open the Project list page and select multiple Projects by holding the <{term}>Ctrl<{/term}> key (Windows), or <{term}>Cmd<{/term}> (OS X).  A new dialog will appear on the main workspace, allowing you to:

- <{option}>Change Status<{/option}> to Active or Completed
- <{option}>Change Category<{/option}>
- <{option}>Change Label<{/option}>
- <{option}>Change Client Company<{/option}> 
- <{option}>Move to Trash<{/option}>
- <{option}>Move to Archive<{/option}>

<{sub}>Project Archive<{/sub}>

**Projects can be archived only after they have been marked as completed**. You can move your Project to the Archive by opening <{option}>Options<{/option}> menu available in the Project Overview page and clicking <{option}>Move to Archive<{/option}> option. 

To access the Archive, make sure no Projects are selected and click the <{option}>Browse Archive<{/option}> link.