*Title: Working with Project Requests
*Slug: project-requests

================================================================

To make it easier for you to work with clients, activeCollab has a built in <{term}>Project Request<{/term}> tool. The entire Project negotiation process can be completed with the assistance of this handy feature.

<{note title="Enable Project Requests"}>Project requests are not enabled in activeCollab by default. Open <{option}>Administration > Project Requests<{/option}> and set the <{option}>Enable Project Request<{/option}> to <{option}>Yes<{/option}> to be able to use this feature.<{/note}>

<{sub}>Public Project Request Page <{/sub}>

activeCollab will generate a public page, where your potential clients can submit a Project Rquest. The information that they will be able to provide can be configured in the <{option}>Project Request<{/option}> section available in the Administration. A few fields are mandatory (such as Name and Email address), but you can still add up to five custom fields.

A Project request may look like this:

<{image name="Project_request.png"}>

<{note title="Who can submit a Project request?"}>Anyone can submit a Project request from a **public page**. A person does not need to have an account in your activeCollab to be able to submit the form and get in touch with you.<{/note}>

All submitted Project requests are available in the <{option}>Projects > Project Request<{/option}> section. The label <{term}>New<{/term}> or <{term}>Replied<{/term}> can help you keep track of the request status.

Once the negotiation process is over, you can use the existing information to <{option}>Create a Quote<{/option}> or <{option}>Create a New Project<{/option}>.

<{sub}>Project Requests within activeCollab<{/sub}>

Clients who already have an account in your activeCollab can post a Project request within the application. They need to have the <{option}>Submit Project Request<{/option}> permission enabled in their System Role settings. The client can then access the <{term}>Project Requests<{/term}> page in the <{term}>Projects<{/term}> menu: 

<{image name="client_Project_request.png"}>

The client will only be able to see the requests that they have created.