* Title: Inviting Your Team
* Slug: invite
* Answers Common Question: Can I invite my colleagues to join me in activeCollab?
* Answer Position: 1
* Show To: Administartor, Manager

================================================================

activeCollab is about people working together. Learn how to start collaborating by bringing your entire team on board. Besides your team members you can even include your clients into the collaboration process.

<{sub}>Creating Companies<{/sub}>

Users in activeCollab are grouped in <{term}>Companies<{/term}>. Companies can also be used as organizational units, so you divide your team into groups, or company departments. 

The company that is created by default is the <{term}>Owner Company<{/term}>. This company cannot be deleted, only renamed. activeCollab users usually name it as their company. 

To create a company, click on <{option}>New Company<{/option}>, enter the <{option}>Company Name<{/option}> and add optional information like <{option}>Contact Details<{/option}> and <{option}>Company Note<{/option}>.

<{note title="Company Note"}>You can use company notes any way you like. Sometimes, the notes may contain sensitive information, like a company's ability to meet monetary obligations, or details about specific agreements. Because of that, the company notes **are not visible** to the Clients themselves. 

Only <{term}>Administrators<{/term}>, <{term}>Managers<{/term}> (with the <{option}>Manage People<{/option}> permission) and <{term}>Employees<{/term}> (with the <{option}>See Company Notes<{/option}> permission) will be able to see them.<{/note}>

<{sub}>Adding Users<{/sub}>

You can start adding users by clicking on <{option}>New User<{/option}> button on the Company page. The email address and <{page name="system-roles"}>System Role<{/page}> are mandatory fields. There are five predefined <{term}>System Roles<{/term}> which can be fine tuned with <{term}>Extra Permissions<{/term}>.

If you wish, you can specify other information important for the New User, including Name, Title and Password and choose to send them a personalized <{term}>Welcome Message<{/term}>.

<{image name='invite_people.png'}>

<{note title="Auto Assign"}>Auto Assign tool automatically adds a <{term}>User<{/term}> to every New Project started in your activeCollab. You can enable this option when when you are setting up new user account, or latter by using the <{option}>Options menu<{/option}> available in the <{term}>User's Profile<{/term}>. While you are enabling this option you are required to choose the set of <{page name="project-roles"}>Project Permissions<{/page}> or a predefined Project Role that this user will have in all newly created Projects.<{/note}>

<{sub}>Inviting Multiple Users<{/sub}>

You can add multiple New Users to activeCollab by using the <{option}>Invite People<{/option}> tool, available in the <{term}>People<{/term}> section. Please note that adding users this way will place them in the **same company** and **assign them to the same Projects** with **same set of Project permissions**. If necessary the user's settings can be edited later.

