* Title: Managing Users 
* Slug: managing-users

================================================================

Once created, <{term}>User Account<{/term}> can be edited latter if needed. You can change all user details, inducing the Company and System Role.

You will find some useful options that will help you manage User accounts in the <{option}>Options<{/option}> dropdown menu available on user's <{term}>Profile<{/term}> page. Here you can:

- <{option}>Update<{/option}> the User's profile info, such as Name, Title, and Contact Information.
- <{option}>Change Settings<{/option}> by localizing activeCollab for this user (set a different language or time zone and date format), seting the Home Screent tab that you want to be defult for this user, and determining how <{option}>Notifications<{/option}> are displayed.
- <{option}>Add to Project<{/option}> enables you to add this person to multiple Projects at once.
- <{option}>Home Screen<{/option}> allows you to set the Dashboard tabs that this person can use.

<{sub}>Import/Export a vCard<{/sub}>

Users and companies can be imported or exported as vCard (.vcf) Files. To import a vCard, go to the People section and click on <{option}>Import vCard<{/option}>. 

Exporting vCards is possible both for companies and individual users:

- To export a company vCard, click on a company, open <{term}>Options<{/term}> and click <{option}>Export vCard<{/option}>.
- To export an individual user vCard, select the user's profile, open <{term}>Options<{/term}> and click <{option}>Export vCard<{/option}>.

<{sub}>Log in as<{/sub}>

This is a very useful feature that enables <{term}>Administrators<{/term}> and <{term}>Managers<{/term}> (with the <{option}>Manage People<{/option}> permission) to log in as other users without having to log out and enter the user's password again. Administrators cannot log in as other Administrators, while Managers cannot log in as Administrators nor as other Managers.

<{image name='login_as.png'}>

<{sub}>Archiving and Moving to Trash<{/sub}>

Users can also be Archived or moved to Trash just like any other item in activeCollab.

By archiving users, their information is kept in the database to be restored at any time. To archive a user, select <{option}>Move to Archive<{/option}> from the <{option}>Options<{/option}> dropdown menu. Archived users will not be able to log in to the system and their assignments will be set to unassigned.

On the other hand, if you decide to use <{option}>Move to Trash<{/option}> option, this user will be removed from your system. Just like archived users, deleted users also will not be able to log in to the system and their assignments will become unassigned. To delete a user's account permanently, remove it from Trash.

<{note title="Archiving and Moving a Company to Trash"}>To move a company and its users to the archive, open <{option}>Options > Move to Archive<{/option}>. All Users from this Company will be archived as well. The same thing will happen when moving a company to Trash - all Users from that Company will be moved to Trash.<{/note}>

<{sub}>Editing Multiple User Accounts<{/sub}>

To enter <{option}>Mass Edit<{/option}> mode on the People page, hold the <{option}>Ctrl<{/option}> key (for Windows users) or <{option}>Cmd<{/option}> key (for Mac users) while selecting users. You will see the option to <{option}>Change User's Company<{/option}> and to move these user accounts to <{option}>Archive<{/option}> or to <{option}>Trash<{/option}>.