* Title: Administrator
* Slug: administrator

================================================================

**Administrators have full access to the entire system.** They not only have access to system settings but can also see and edit all user and Project data. Only finance-related areas of activeCollab can be hidden from this group or users.

Administrators have numerous options when it comes to managing users. Besides editing the basic information and settings, Administrators can use <{option}>Log in as<{/option}> feature to see what users can see in the system, change their password and configure <{option}>Home Screen<{/option}>.

Administrators have full access to <{option}> Reports and Filters<{/option}> where they can generate **Assignments**, **Time and Expenses** and **Financial** (if they have <{term}>Manage Finances<{/term}> extra permission) **reports**. 

Here's how activeCollab looks from the Admin point of view:

<{image name='admin.png'}>

System <{term}>Administration<{/term}> is available only to these users. Here, they adjust settings in these four main areas:

<{sub}>1. General Settings<{/sub}>

<{term}>General<{/term}> include **Regional**, **Identity** and **Email** settings which are explained in detail in <{book name="making-activecollab-your-own"}>this book<{/book}>. You can also manage <{term}>Assignment labels<{/term}> here. Newly created labels will only be visible on new Tasks, they will not be available on the existing ones.

<{sub}>2. Projects Settings<{/sub}>

Main <{term}>Project<{/term}> settings include selecting <{term}>Tabs<{/term}> that will show on every Project, enabling <{term}>Mail to Project<{/term}> feature, <{term}>Assignment<{/term}> delegation and default <{term}>Visibility<{/term}> of newly created objects. This is the place where you can also create up to three <{term}>Custom Fields<{/term}> for every Project. 

Administrators can enable and configure <{term}>Project Requests<{/term}> and get the URL for the public form. 

<{sub}>3. Tools Settings<{/sub}>

<{term}>Tools<{/term}> include system maintenance settings such as:

- <{term}>Rebuild Indexes<{/term}>, which is recommended for basic troubleshooting, 
- <{term}>Maintenance Mode<{/term}> when turned on, allows only Administrators to log in and resolve the issue,
- <{term}>Payment Settings<{/term}> are used to add <{term}>Payment Gateways<{/term}> and <{term}>Payment Methods<{/term}> as well as for allowing partial payments.

<{sub}>4. Invoicing Settings<{/sub}>

<{term}>Invoicing<{/term}> options enable changing **Invoice design and settings** and adding <{term}>Note templates<{/term}>. 

<{term}>Job Types and Hourly Rates<{/term}> are used to calculate the budget spending per logged time. They are essential for keeping track of time and expenses and making sure all the work is properly accounted for.

<{image name='administration.png'}>

<{note title="Extra Permissions"}>There are two extra permissions that you can add to the Admin user:

- <{option}>Manage Finances<{/option}> allows the user to see, access and manage Invoices and payments, and run financial reports.
- <{option}>Manage Quotes<{/option}> enables the user to manage Quotes within the Invoicing module.<{/note}>
