* Title: Removing Users from Projects
* Slug: remove-user
* Answers Common Question: How to remove someone from a Project?

================================================================

If there is no need for a specific user to be on a Project any more, you can simply **remove** that person from a Project. To make this job even easier for you, besides removing you can also **replace** users on a Project and have new person in the game right away.

<{sub}>Removing a User<{/sub}>

To remove a user from a Project, visit the <{term}>Project Overview<{/term}> page and use <{option}>Manage Project People<{/option}> link. A page with all the users assigned to this Project will appear. To remove a person you wish click on the <{option}>X<{/option}> button. A pop up will appear that will let you know about the consequences of this act. It is usually the note that **removing users from a Project will set all their assignments to unassigned**.

Users needs to be removed from Projects one at the time.

<{sub}>Replacing a User<{/sub}>

<{option}>Manage Project People<{/option}> link is also the place where you can Replace user from a Project. To do that click on the <{option}>Replace<{/option}> icon. The pop up will appear where you can select another user who will be joining this Project. in this case **all open assignments that the replaced user was responsible for will be transferred to the newly assigned user**. 

If you wish you can choose to notify the two users about the change made on this Project.

<{image name='replace.png'}>