*Title: Upgrade Instructions
*Slug: upgrade

================================================================

There are two ways to upgrade your activeCollab setup: by using the auto-upgrade tool or by upgrading manually. Both processes are described below.

<{sub}>Automatic Upgrade<{/sub}>

To run the auto-upgrade process, click the <{option}>Version Number<{/option}> button in the <{term}>Administration Menu<{/term}> or the <{option}>Update<{/option}> button on the <{term}>Administration<{/term}> page. This will trigger the auto-upgrade dialog. Enter your password and let the system do the rest.

After the upgrade process is finished, you should have the latest version of activeCollab installed.

<{note title="How Can I Know That a New Version is Available?"}>Whenever a new version is available, a red index number will be displayed next to the <{term}>Admin<{/term}> icon in your activeCollab.<{/note}> 

<{sub}>Manual Upgrade<{/sub}>

Before starting the manual upgrade process, download the latest activeCollab version from <a href="http://activecollab.com/my-profile">your profile page on www.activeCollab.com</a>:

<{image name="my_profile.png"}>

Now follow these steps:

<{step num=1}>Unpack the archive that you have just downloaded.<{/step}> 
<{step num=2}>Open the <{path}>/for-upload/activecollab<{/path}> folder. This folder contains files with the latest activeCollab version number.<{/step}>
<{step num=3}>Upload the folder with the version number to the <{path}>/activecollab<{/path}> folder on your server.<{/step}>
<{step num=4}>Visit the <{path}>/public/upgrade/index.php<{/path}> part of your activeCollab with your web browser, log in with your administrator credentials and the upgrade process will begin.<{/step}>

To confirm that you have successfully upgraded activeCollab, open the <{path}>config/versions.php<{/path}> file and make sure that upgrade script has written the latest version number in the file.