*Title: Upgrading from activeCollab Version 2
*Slug: upgrade-from-activecollab-2

================================================================

With the release of activeCollab 4, we have officially dropped support for activeCollab version 2. Since a lot of changes have been introduced between the two versions, it is not possible to upgrade from activeCollab v2 to activeCollab v4 directly. 

A few additional steps are required: **update the latest release of v2 > latest release of v3 > latest release of v4**.

The following steps describe how to upgrade activeCollab to the latest stable release.

<{sub slug="to-2-3-10"}>Upgrade version 2 to the latest release 2.3.10<{/sub}>

Make sure that you have the latest v2 release, version 2.3.10. In case you have a previous version, do the following:

<{step nym=1}>**Download the 2.3.10 files** by logging in to your <a href=https://www.activecollab.com/my-profile>profile page on www.activeCollab.com</a>. The version 2.3.10 files are available under <{term}>Other Releases<{/term}>:<{/step}>

<{image name="my_profile_zoom.png"}>

<{step num=2}>**Upload the files to your server**. Replace the existing files with the new ones. Here is the list of the files that should be replaced:

- /activecollab (entire folder)
- /config/defaults.php
- /public/assets (entire folder)
- /public/upgrade (entire folder)
- /public/api.php
- /public/captcha.php
- /public/index.php
- /public/restore.php
- /public/thumb.php
- /tasks (entire folder)
- api.php<{/step}>

<{note title="Importnat Notes"}>**Third-party modules** - If you have any third-party modules installed in your activeCollab, make sure to back up the <{path}>/activecollab/application/modules<{/path}> folder before rewriting it.

**Upgrading from activeCollab v1** - In case you are upgrading from version 1, you should:

- Upload the content of the <{path}>/custom<{/path}> folder (there are two empty folders in it which should be uploaded).
- If you were using a localized version of activeCollab, you should move the existing translations from <{path}>/activecollab/localization<{/path}> to <{path}>/custom/localization<{/path}> folder.<{/note}>

<{step num=3}>**Clear the activeCollab Cache**. To do this, delete all <{term}>cch_<{/term}> files from <{path}>/cache<{/path}> and all <{term}>%%<{/term}> files from the <{path}>/compile<{/path}> folder.<{/step}>

<{step num=4}>**Run the Upgrade Script**. Open the <{term}>/public/upgrade<{/term}> link in your setup (for example, if activeCollab is installed on www.example.com/projects, the script is located in www.example.com/projects/public/upgrade) and follow the on-screen instructions. 

The upgrade utility will upgrade your database to version 2.3.10.<{/step}>

<{step num=5}>**Remove the Upgrade Script**. After you have executed the Upgrade Script, remember to remove the folder <{path}>/public/upgrade<{/path}> from your activeCollab for security reasons.<{/step}>

<{sub slug="to-3-3-21"}>Upgrade version 3 to the latest release 3.3.21<{/sub}>

<{note title="System Requirements"}>Before you continue with the upgrade to version 3, make sure that your server meets the <{page name="system-requirements"}>activeCollab system requirements<{/page}>. activeCollab 3 server requirements are significantly higher than they were for activeCollab 2!<{/note}>

To ensure minimal downtime during the upgrade and avoid some common issues that can be caused by the limitations of your PHP environment, check the following settings before commencing setup:

- Make sure that the <{code}>memory_limit<{/code}> in the PHP configuration is set to at least to 64MB. We highly recommend 128MB, if possible. In case that this value is set below 64MB, the activeCollab upgrade script will not be executed.
- Check the <{code}>max_execution_time value<{/code}> in your PHP configuration. It should temporarily be set to a few minutes. After the upgrade process is finished you can set it to the original value (30 seconds by default, or 60 seconds if you run scheduled tasks via curl and have a lot of POP3 and IMAP mailboxes and/or repositories to check).

To upgrade activeCollab, do the following:

<{step num=1}>**Download 3.3.21** files from your <a href=https://www.activecollab.com/my-profile>profile page</a>. The files are available under <{term}>Other Releases<{/term}>.<{/step}>

<{step num=2}>**Clean up**:

- Back up custom images from the folders <{path}>/public/avatars<{/path}>, <{path}>/public/logos<{/path}> and <{path}>/public/projects_icons<{/path}>.
- Remove the files <{path}>index.php<{/path}> and <{path}>api.php<{/path}>.
- Delete the folder <{path}>/activecollab<{/path}>.
- Delete the folder <{path}>/public<{/path}> (make sure that you have made the backup of the subfolder first).
- Delete the folder <{path}>/tasks<{/path}> .
- Delete the file <{path}>/config/defaults.php<{/path}>.<{/step}>

<{step num=3}>**Upload the new files** from the activeCollab 3.3.21 installation package:

- Upload the folder <{path}>/activecollab<{/path}>.
- Upload the folder <{path}>/public<{/path}>.
- Upload custom images from your backup to <{path}>/public/avatars<{/path}>, <{path}>/public/logos<{/path}> and <{path}>/public/projects_icons<{/path}> subfolders.
- Upload the folder <{path}>/tasks<{/path}>.
- Upload the files <{path}>index.php<{/path}> and <{path}>api.php<{/path}>.
- Upload the files <{path}>/config/defaults.php<{/path}> and <{path}>/config/version.php<{/path}>.
- Create empty folders <{path}>/custom/layouts<{/path}> and <{path}>/custom/modules<{/path}>.<{/step}>

<{step num=4}>**Make sure that following folders are writable**:

- <{path}>/public/assets<{/path}>
- <{path}>/public/avatars<{/path}>
- <{path}>/public/logos<{/path}>
- <{path}>/public/notebook_covers<{/path}>
- <{path}>/public/projects_icons<{/path}>
- <{path}>/public/template_covers<{/path}><{/step}>

<{step num=5}>**Update the configuration file**.  Open the file <{path}>/config/config.php<{/path}> and add the following lines in the block where other options are defined:

<{code inline=false highlight=php}>define('USE_UNPACKED_FILES', true);<{/code}>

and then replace:

<{code highlight=php}>require_once 'defaults.php';
require_once 'license.php';<{/code}>

with:

<{code highlight=php}>require_once dirname(__FILE__) . '/version.php';
require_once dirname(__FILE__) . '/license.php';
require_once dirname(__FILE__) . '/defaults.php';<{/code}>

After making the changes, your configuration file should resemble this:

<{code highlight=php}><?php
  define('ROOT', '…'); 
  define('PUBLIC_FOLDER_NAME', 'public'); 
  define('DB_HOST', '…'); 
  define('DB_USER', '…'); 
  define('DB_PASS', '…'); 
  define('DB_NAME', '…'); 
  define('DB_CAN_TRANSACT', true); 
  define('TABLE_PREFIX', 'acx_'); 
  define('ROOT_URL', '…'); 
  define('PATH_INFO_THROUGH_QUERY_STRING', true); 
  define('FORCE_QUERY_STRING', true); 
  define('LOCALIZATION_ENABLED', false); 
  define('ADMIN_EMAIL', '…'); 
  define('DEBUG', 1); 
  define('API_STATUS', 1); 
  define('PROTECT_SCHEDULED_TASKS', true); 
  define('DB_CHARSET', 'utf8'); 

  // The lines bellow are new to activeCollab 3  
  define('USE_UNPACKED_FILES', true);

  require_once dirname(__FILE__) . '/version.php';
  require_once dirname(__FILE__) . '/license.php';
  require_once dirname(__FILE__) . '/defaults.php';<{/code}><{/step}>

  That should cover all the dirty work. From this point on, everything is automated. 

  <{step num=6}>**Run the upgrade script**. To do that visit <{path}>/public/upgrade/index.php<{/path}> in  activeCollab with your web browser, log in with the administrator credentials and the system will upgrade the database.<{/step}>

<{step num=7}>In case you have been using a translation,  remove the folder <{path}>/custom/localization<{/path}>. It is no longer needed because activeCollab 3 uses a database to manage and store translations.<{/step}>

<{note title="Clean URL-s"}>If you have been using clean URLs tweak in activeCollab 2, do not forget to <{page name="clean-url"}>check out this article<{/page}> to learn how to update this tweak to make it compatible with your new activeCollab. Note that this tweak may break your activeCollab unless you upgrade the system!<{/note}>

<{step num=8}>**Verification**. To confirm everything is working, try logging in to activeCollab. If you see the login screen, but cannot log in with your credentials, clean all .php files from the folder <{path}>/cache<{/path}>.<{/step}>

<{sub slug="to-version-4"}>Upgrade to the latest release<{/sub}>

Finally, you can use the auto-upgrade tool to switch to the version 4 automatically.

To find out more about the upgrade to version 4, please read <{page name="upgrade"}>this article.<{/page}>	
