*Title: How can I see my schedule in activeCollab?
*Slug: schedule
*Answers Common Question: Can I make my own schedule in activeCollab?

================================================================

Scheduling and due dates are an important part of every project. activeCollab has an advanced Calendar that will help you see your <{page name="calendar-events"}>Personal<{/page}> and <{page name="project-schedule"}>Project<{/page}> calendars.

You can access the <{option}>Calendar<{/option}> by clicking on the icon in the main menu. You will be able to see the <{option}>Project Calendars<{/option}> and the <{option}>Shared Calendars<{/option}> created by you and other users. The former shows the due dates of the Milestones, Tasks and Subtasks, while the latter displays custom <{term}>Events<{/term}>.

<{note title="Shared Calendars"}>You can choose the group of users that will be able to see your Calendar and schedule. All <{term}>Events<{/term}> from your Calendar will be visible to the group that you have selected. If you have enabled other users to <{option}>Add Events<{/option}>, they will be able to create new events in your Calendar.

To display/hide a custom Calendar, click on the checkbox next to the Calendar name. It is also possible to export any Calendar as an iCalendar feed to another Calendar application.<{/note}>

The Calendar view is fully customizable and gives you a great visual representation of entire schedule in activeCollab. 

<{image name="calendar.png"}>

<{sub}>View Filters<{/sub}>

By using the <{option}>Filter<{/option}> option, you can narrow down the Calendar entries to those relevant to you. You can choose:

- **All in your Projects** to display the entire schedule with due dates of Milestones, Tasks and Subtasks assigned to you and your team members on all the projects that you are working on.
- **My Assignments** to see only your schedule in activeCollab.

<{term}>Administrators<{/term}> and <{term}>Managers<{/term}> with the **Manage Projects** permission can see two additional filters:

- **Everything** displays all project item due dates in activeCollab.
- **Individual schedules** to display all the assignments of one user.

These filters can help you distribute workload and organize your projects more effectively.

<{sub}>Reschedule Milestones, Tasks and Events<{/sub}>

To reschedule an <{term}>Event<{/term}>, <{term}>Task<{/term}> or <{term}>Milestone<{/term}>, use the **drag and drop functionality** and rearrange the scheduled entries to the desired dates.

Your calendar will be updated instantly.

<{note title="iCalendar Feed"}>Every custom or Project related Calendar in activeCollab can be exported as an iCalendar feed. You can use this option to import and display activeCollab data in another Calendar application.

The iCalendar feeds are **Read Only**. This means that your calendar application will be able to read and import the data, but will allow you to change the data and import it back into activeCollab. To update the Calendar, log in to your activeCollab and change the data from there. Your calendar software will then import the changes you have made the next time it updates.<{/note}>