*Title: Working with Calendar Events
*Slug: calendar-events

================================================================

You can use the Calendar to add custom <{term}>Events<{/term}> which do not have to be related to any of your Projects. You can schedule a meeting, mark the period when you will be attending a conference, set a days off, etc.

To create a new event, use the <{option}>New Event<{/option}> button on the <{option}>Calendar<{/option}> page, or just click the date to schedule the event. You will be able to set the following:

- <{option}>Name<{/option}> of the event you are scheduling.
- <{option}>Calendar<{/option}> where the event will be placed. It can be your Calendar or the Calendar shared with you your co-workers.
- <{option}>Start Date<{/option}> and <{option}>Due Date<{/option}> for events longer than one day, or to set the exact timing if this is a single day event.
- <{option}>Repeat<{/option}> for recurring events.

<{image name="set_event.png"}>

All users that you have shared the Calendar with will be able to see your schedule and events. In the Calendar setup, you can also determine if the group of users who can see your Calendar is also able to **add new events** in your Calendar.

<{note title="Track Changes Made on Calendars and Events"}>All <{term}>Admin<{/term}> users will be able to track change log of the Custom Calendars bu using the <{option}>Options<{/option}> menu, that is available when clicking the <{option}>Edit<{/option}> icon. They can see here who has accessed the Calendar and what changes have been made recently. Same rule is applied to <{term}>Events<{/term}> so you can rest assured that you will be able to track all updates made by your team.<{/note}>

