*Title: In-App Help
*Slug: help

================================================================

If you are reading this article, chances are that you have already noticed our new <{term}>Help<{/term}> pages. We have been busy at work preparing a wide variety of activeCollab resources. We really hope you will find these pages useful.

The main reason why we have decided to introduce a whole help page is because we wanted to bring activeCollab closer to our users. By placing the Help into the application was the first step in achieving this goal. 

You are now able to **search** for the terms and features that you wish to know about. Everything is available right away, with no need to search for the links on our website.

<{sub}>What's New?<{/sub}>

<{term}>What's New?<{/term}> will let you know about the new features and enhancements in activeCollab. Whenever a new article is available, a notification will appear. You will now be able to stay up to date about recent development and keep track of all improvements.

<{sub}>Video Tutorials<{/sub}>

All the videos we have created earlier, as well as a few new ones, are now available. You do not have to browse YouTube to view them - just click the <{term}>Instructional Videos<{/term}> tab and enjoy easy to understand step-by-step tutorials right from activeCollab.

<{sub}>Books<{/sub}>

activeCollab documentation is organized into <{term}>Books<{/term}>. You will be able to find out more about the topic of interest by browsing through the articles from a specific book.

All articles are included in the activeCollab <{option}>Search Index<{/option}>, allowing you to quickly find a specific term or a set of instructions on how to do something.