*Title: Making Comments
*Slug: comments

================================================================

In activeCollab, it is possible to comment almost everything. This is one of the key features which make our application great for team work and communication.

You can comment on <{term}>Tasks<{/term}>, <{term}>Discussions<{/term}>, <{term}>Files<{/term}> and <{term}>Pages<{/term}>. Use comments to share ideas, track progress, resolve issues, notify your team about important updates and for any other purpose that you can think of.

All the people <{term}>Subscribed<{/term}> to a project item will receive a notification about the new comment. That note will also be visible on the <{term}>Project Overview<{/term}> page in <{term}>Recent Activities<{/term}> thread, so you can be certain that your team will notice the new comment.

When making a new comment, you can **attach a file or insert an image in the text body**.

<{note title="Update a Task with a Comment"}>When posting a comment, you will see the additional action bar below the text box. Use it to update some of the Task properties:

- <{term}>Status<{/term}> - Complete that Task.
- <{term}>Assignee<{/term}> - Change the person responsible for the Task.
- <{term}>Label<{/term}> - Set a different label.
- <{term}>Category<{/term}> - Change the Task category.<{/note}>

<{sub}>Reply to Comment<{/sub}>

activeCollab allows you to receive system notifications via email and post comments by sending a reply.

For instance, after receiving a notification email about a Task that you are working on, you can reply to that email. **activeCollab recognizes that your message is a reply to that particular Task and posts a comment**. This allows you to contribute to a conversation without having to log in - you can simply reply to the email. 