New modules:

* Mobile access - Interface created just for mobile devices. iPhone support included - you can finally touch activeCollab!
* Backup - automatically back up your database and files.
* Project Exporter - Export project data in series of static, HTML files that does not require activeCollab to be displayed. Burn it on a CD, upload to your website or send it to your clients.
* Public Submit - Let people submit tickets without logging into activeCollab. CAPTCHA protection included.
* Status - Simple, Twitter like notifications system built right into activeCollab.

Time tracking improvements:

* Reusable reports that work both globally and on project level. Reports can list all time records or calculate how much time every user reported.
* Ability to mark billable time record as billed and filter it out in reports.
* Time tracking for subtasks.
* New time widget makes it super easy to track time.

Improved assignments page:

* Powerful assignments filter that let you select not just your tasks but tasks assigned to any company or group of people.
* RSS for any assignment filter.
* Ability to mark filter as private so only you can use it.
* Ability to mark task as completed directly on assignment page.
* Ability to subscribe to every task and receive email notification on status change directly on assignments page.
* Track time for every ticket or subtask directly on assignments page.

Calendar improvements:

* Tickets and Tasks are listed in calendar.
* Tasks, Tickets and Milestones can be marked as completed directly on calendar page.
* Improved performance of Calendar pages.

Improved search:

* Search for users.
* Search for project or inside of projects.
* Quick search dialog is really handy. It will show top 5 results directly in the quick search dialog and give you link if you need more.

Localization support:

* Translate the interface in as many languages you want.
* Per user language settings.
* Email translates also support translations and are aware of user language preferences. Every user will be notified in their preferred language.
* Per user date and time formatting settings.
* Administration tools for language management and translation.

New permissions and roles:

* Every user can have a system role now, not just members of owner company.
* Project roles are reusable sets of project permissions. Users can have different roles in different projects.
* Per module access permissions.
* New system permissions - can add project, can see private objects and more.

File module improvements:

* Attachments are listed in files listing.
* Thumbnails are created for images.
* Tool that lets you upload multiple files at once has been added.
* Improved workflow.

API improvements:

* Write support for API is added.
* API methods are documented.
* Configuration option that controls whether API is enabled or disabled. This configuration option also lets you set up API to work in read only or in read / write mode.

Reminders:

* Send reminders regarding a ticket, discussion or file to assignees, subscribers, specific person or people who commented on it.
* Reminders include email notification and entry in “Things that require your attention” block that is shown on dashboard.
* Read more about reminders in Developer Blog...

Other changes:

* Any project can be used as a template for new project (read more in Developer Blog).
* Auto-assignments system has been redone.
* Modules that are not required for system to work properly can be uninstalled.
* Checklists module is not installed in Corporate version by default. You can install it if you really need it.
* User password are not readable in database any more.
* System that determines witch objects are new since your last visit is more reliable now.
* When list of assignees is changed everyone is notified about the changes (old and new assignees with complete list of changes).
* Links for creating new objects on milestone details page.
* Users last visit time is displayed on profile page.
* A simple tool for managing file, discussion and ticket categories that are created when new project is created.

Plus many many more fixes and improvements. 