Enhancements:

* Object can be copied in parent project.
* Ticket time shows total time logged for ticket and all of its tasks.
* Improved time popup.
* Notify Assignees checkbox removed. Assignees will always be notified.
* Person creating a ticket, milestone, tasks, file, discussion or page will be automatically subscribed to it.
* Project section included when visiting comment, tasks, attachment and subscription pages.
* When tasks / ticket / milestone is re-assigned, notification is send to all old and new assignees except the person who did the update even if that person is one of the assignees.
* When user posts a comment he or she is automatically subscribed to object that was commented.
* Project leader is automatically subscribed to tickets created with Public Submit module.
* In New Task form priority and due date fields are hidden by default.
* User's project role is displayed on People project tab.
* If there are no assignees / subscribers selected when object is created, project leader will be automatically subscribed and notified.
* Scheduled tasks administration page shows time when was the last time scheduled tasks were executed (if ever).
* Comments on tickets, discussions, pages and files can be locked.
* Discussions can be pinned to the top of discussions list.
* Added support for servers that do not properly handle path info (some versions of IIS for example).
* Improved underlying Status module code.
* System and license information displayed on administration start page.
* Upload files form now returns more descriptive error messages.
* Project Exporter uses built in notifications instead of custom div-s.
* Daily, hourly and frequently tasks executed through command line do not display output unless there are errors to be displayed.

Bug fixes:

* Security fix! Instructions for restoring backup are stored in PHP file instead of plain text file.
* When object is copied in another project milestone ID is reseted if no milestone map is present.
* When ticket is copied it will use next available ticket ID in destination project instead of keeping ID from original project.
* Duplicate subscriptions bug resulted by incomplete cleanup routine fixed.
* Fixed subscription caching issues when subscribe_users() method is called.
* Fixed problem with HTTP status code not being properly passed when error page is displayed.
* Module info loading bug fixed.
* Master Categories will not let you define category names shorter than 3 letters.
* Fixed problem where duplicate notifications are sent to users when reminder was sent to people involved in a discussion.
* Fixed caching issue when module is uninstalled.
* Project Exporter exports completed milestones.
* Fixed issue where links to modules that user selected not to export are still present in navigation.

API improvements:

* /roles/system - List all system roles (permissions included). If user is not system administrator or people manager only default role ID is returned!
* /roles/project - List all project roles (permissions included). No permission checking is done.
* /role/:role_id - Show details of any role. No permission checking is done.
* Implemented support for work with project groups through API.
* New user fields: is_administrator, is_project_manager and is_people_manager.
* Project people request (/projects/:project_id/people) returns more information including users role and permissions for every project user.
* /projects/:project_id request now includes logged_user_permissions field with role of currently logged user and his or hers permissions on a selected project (similar to project people permission information).
* Assignee information is included in Ticket, Task and Milestone details.
* API for Status message - /status for listing and /status/add for submitting messages.
* avatar_url property added for User details request.
* logo_url property added for Company details request.
* icon_url property added for Project details request.
* Permissions array added to every project object details response with following permission values: can_edit, can_delete, can_change_visibility, can_movecan_copy and can_change_complete_status.
